<strong>CM0102 Club Swapper.cpp</strong> and <strong>CM0102 Club Swapper.exe:</strong> a patch for <strong>Championswhip Manager 01/02 3.68</strong> which allows you to swap two clubs before you start a new season. For example you can make Halmstad play in the English Premier league by putting in the textbox "Halmstad - Manchester United" and clicking on "Swap Clubs". And yes, Manchester United will then play in the Swedish Premier Division! This patch should be invoked exactly after you've clicked on "Start New Game" and before you've seleted a league.

<strong>CM0102 Ignore non-EU foreign players limit in Memory.cpp</strong> and <strong>CM0102 Ignore non-EU foreign players limit in Memory.exe:</strong> a patch for <strong>Championswhip Manager 01/02 3.68</strong> which allows you to surpress the limit on how many players with a citizenship outside the EU can play in a match. You can launch this patch at any type of the game.

<strong>CM0102 Ignore non-EU foreign players limit in the File.cpp</strong> and <strong>CM0102 Ignore non-EU foreign players limit in the File.exe:</strong> - same as the above with the only difference that it is the file "cm0102.exe" that is patched making the changes permanent. The backup of the old "cm0102.exe" is created with the name "cm0102 Backup.exe.

<strong>CM0102 Patch Change the Amount of Goals.cpp</strong> and <strong>CM0102 Patch Change the Amount of Goals.cpp:</strong> a patch for <strong>Championswhip Manager 01/02 3.68</strong> which allows you to change the number of goals scored in each match. 71 is the default value, the lower the number the bigger the amount of goals. There is not point of making this number lower than zero since this number affects only how shots on goals are processed (it the team does not shoot on goal it does not score).

<strong>random_number_generator_in_c.html</strong> explains how C random number generator works. I think it confuses more than explains but you can play with the numbers.
